1.4 upgrade change (#32801)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/upgrade-guides/index.mdx

Terraform v1.4 is a minor release in the stable Terraform v1.0 series.

Terraform v1.4 honors the [Terraform v1.0 Compatibility Promises](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/v1-compatibility-promises), but there are some behavior changes outside of those promises that may affect a small number of users. Specifically, the following updates may require additional upgrade steps:
* **Important** [Provider caching workflow change during `terraform init`](#provider-caching-during-terraform-init)
* [Hostname interpretation during `terraform init`](#hostname-interpretation-during-terraform-init)

See the full [changelog for more details](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/blob/v1.4/CHANGELOG.md). If you encounter any problems during upgrading which are not by this guide, or if the migration instructions don't work for you, please start a topic in [the Terraform community forum](https://discuss.hashicorp.com/c/terraform-core/27) to discuss it.

## Provider caching during terraform init

> **_This change effects those who rely upon global provider caching and not the dependecy lock file._**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_This change affects those who rely upon global provider caching and not the dependency lock file._**
```

Author: github should have a spell checker haha

`terraform init` now ignores entries in the optional global provider cache directory unless they match a checksum already tracked in the current configuration's dependency lock file. 

Before this change Terraform could not determine the full set of checksums to include in the lockfile when installing a new provider for the first time. Now it can. Once the lock file has been updated to include a checksum covering the item in the global cache, Terraform will then use the cache entry for subsequent installation of the same provider package. 

> For more details and how to keep using the undesirable, please see the [documentation](/cli/config/config-file#allowing-the-provider-plugin-cache-to-break-the-dependency-lock-file).

Reviewer 2: I would change to `prior undesirable behavior` or simply `prior behavior`.
